0 - ERROR
Unfortunately no, even taking in to account online viewership, Trump's inaugeration did not reach the 42.8 million viewers that witnessed Ronald Reagan's inauguration.
And you were well within your rights do so. Would you like to share the reasons why you chose to vote for him?
Will a wall stop air planes? Most people who become illegal immigrants enter the US legally by plane, then outstay their visa. A wall wouldn't stop them. Also, please do not refer to them as illegals. Branding a certain person or group of person "illegal" is a terrible thing to do. We don't call thieves, murderers or politicians "illegals" for their crimes, why should we address immigrants that way?
It's possible to agree with some points but not all. I can agree that we need police without believing that everyone who wears a badge is a hero that can do no wrong. Conversely, I can believe that the police are capable of horrific actions without demonizing all of them as monstruous racists. It's all a matter of individual perspective. Different people will see different events in different ways, and draw different conclusions from those events.
Which group of terrorists? How does letting people freely practice their religion allow them to win? If something as simple as letting people pray can end such a violent conflict, then wouldn't it be better to allow them to pray? Many practicing Muslims are actually the victims of terrorism, due to what sect they belong to or even just because of where they live.
While Clinton has show an unacceptable degree of technological illiteracy for a modern leader, that doesn't make her a child molester or a crimelord. The rape denial accusation comes from a case early in Clinton's legal career where she defended an accused rapist who later accepted a plea deal. In other words: she did her job as a lawyer, representing her client regardless of her personal feelings about the nature of the case.
Not necessarily, when he was in power the opposition party was in control of Congress. As a result, it became almost impossible for him to pass any of the legislation that his voters wanted. This is more due to the system than Obama's compentency or intelligence.
The nation is not a child and we aren't talking about peanuts. We're talking about human lives. If you were attacked in the street and came to my house for shelter, what would you have me do? Here is a person, covered in blood standing on my doorstep begging to be let in. For all I know you could be an axe murderer. Still, I would let you in and give you shelter because being a part of society means putting aside our fears to help those in need.
Many of the poor are actually incredibly hard working, taking multiple shifts for dozens of jobs just to make ends meet. That cell phone you complain about? That's helping them network, finding work and getting employers to contact them. Being poor doesn't just mean "not having stuff." It also means living paycheck to paycheck, praying that you don't get sick as missing a single day of work means not having the money for rent.
Islam is a religion, in that sense no different from any other. Harsher laws targeted at it specifically don't protect you any more than anti-Christian laws would. All they would do is help to breed radicalism, as you illegally punish them for exercising their constitutional rights.
Not everyone is a soldier and not everyone wants to fight. What of the children? The elderly? The sick? The crippled? The concientious objectors? The people with dependents? In the same way that not everyone here is capable of fighting, not everyone there is either.
Fortunately, the Bowling Green massacre never actually happened. It was first mentioned as part of a statement by Presidential Advisor Kellyanne Conway, but was shown to be false almost immediately. Conway later retracted the statement and claimed that she'd misspoke. The fact is, at the time of this writing, there hasn't been a massacre in Bowling Green perpetrated by Islamic militants or immigrants.
Are all the people who emmigrate from America rapists and murderers? Of course not, and the situation is much the same in other countries. The Mexican government isn't sending large waves of people over the border, those people are choosing to immigrate to the States. Some times those people are intellectuals, sometimes they aren't. Much like in America, not everyone is a genius rocket scientist and not everyone is a welfare dependent.
No one really wants terrorists or severe criminals to enter the country. Just because someone is immigrating from somewhere else, just because they have a different skin colour, language or religion, these things do not make them criminals or terrorists.
In that case, there should be no problems in legislating that police wear service cameras to monitor situations and prevent abuses of power. People are people, not everyone who wears the badge may act with the respect or honour required of it. Service cameras and Internal Affairs are meant to be a safeguard against such people.
Consider the alternative though: people dying in the street due to being unable to afford the lifesaving medication and surgery that they desperately need. Public health care is not about making you pay someone elses bills, it's about all of society working together so that all of us can live long, healthy lives. If you're still not convinced, think of if you lost the ability to pay your medical bills. What kind of problems would it cause you and your family? Would you still want an end to public care if you desperately needed it?
While it's too soon at the time of this writing to really say, the early signs indicate otherwise. Many of his cabinet appointees have either expressed the desire to dismantle the departments they now run, or display an unacceptable level of ignorance about how their departments work. While he does seem to be sticking to his idea of not appointing career politicians, his appointments do not show any signs of creating a more efficient government.
This is something Trump has claimed as a way of justifying his electoral victory despite losing the popular vote. The claim is based on a 2008 study, the author of which claims shows no record of voter fraud. In other words, the Trump administration's claim is simply incorrect.
Homicide rates throughout the United States have actually dropped significantly since the 90s. While some areas have experience localized growth in recent years, they're still far below the previous crime rates. What has increased since the 90s is the ability to report on violent crime. If it bleeds it leads, and if someone get's hit it get's clicks. Thus news media and web media fill themselves with reports of violence, despite the streets being safer than ever before.
You have a point in that there are many issues with our unregulated mass-media and these have been exacerbated by the Internet. Many websites, blogs, and news stations have found success in pandering to their readers/viewers/listeners at the expense of facts, shedding heat instead of light. The key is to explore multiple news sources, sift between the biases of each and there you'll find the truth.
